When I was a kid, I spent a fair amount of time playing Sonic the Hedgehog.
Everybody would play this game and try to beat it in the least amount of time.
But then again, you *could* try to collect all of the chaos emeralds...
...unlocking a special superhedgehog feature- becoming Super Sonic (the Hedgehog).

The journey to collect all of the chaos emeralds varies from game to game, but-
Sonic the Hedgehog can turn into Super Sonic whenever he collects all of the 
chaos emeralds.

Once you collect all of the chaos emeralds, then, Sonic just has to collect 
50 rings, and then jump.

At that moment, the game is changed into a frenetic assault waged by none other
than this super saiyan grade hedgehog. Super Sonic's speed is increased, he 
can't be killed by enemies, if he touches an enemy then they die basically...
He can still fall or drown, but whatever man.

It is rather unfair for anything in the game, should they be faced with this
golden glowing menace.

Once the game is beaten however, Sonic goes back home to chill out.
His neighbors constantly talk about this whole 50 ring phenomenon of his.

Neighbor 1: I can't believe the nerve of this guy. Constantly ripping out of
here at 5,000 miles an hour...
Neighbor 2: He keeps waking me up in the middle of the night. I hear it.
Neighbor 1: Are you talking about the "sonic boom"?
Neighbor 2: Yeah.
Neighbor 1: You know he can only do that after he collects 50 rings, right?
Neighbor 2: Yeah. Every time he comes home though, he's got that 49 up on 
the screen.
Neighbor 1: I just- I don't understand this guy.
Neighbor 2: Me either. He seems supernaturally fast.
Neighbor 1: That's... because he is the fastest thing alive.
Neighbor 2: But, I don't know man. Sometimes I see him pick up that last 
ring. He... just grabs the thing off of the table, walks to the street...
Neighbor 1: ...and he jumps?
Neighbor 2: Yeah. A sudden bolt of lightning comes down from the sky. 
Strikes him in this sphere-like ball while he's mid air...
...he becomes a totally different hedgehog man. Suddenly just moves like 
the wind with nothing but bloodlust in his eyes.
Neighbor 1: Yeah man, that's Super Sonic.
Neighbor 2: Watching him do that, has caused me to go slightly insane.
Neighbor 1: Ugh. I know bro. You just have to find a way to get past it.
Neighbor 2: How do you get past that, though? This dude just... confuses 
me. One minute he's standing right there- normal dude. The next moment, 
he jumps and turns into this high speed lunatic, flying at bad guys like 
a homing missle, then he vanishes into thin air.
Neighbor 1: Wow, you've actually seen it?
Neighbor 2: Yeah man, dude just jumps up, spazzes out, starts attacking 
people... then he's gone.
Neighbor 1: That dude's got some problems...
Neighbor 2: He scares me bro.
Neighbor 1: Me too, not gonna lie.

Needless to say, Sonic having all of the chaos emeralds is a bit of a 
tense situation for all involved, unless you happen to be playing the 
game.
